Enhance the .dockerignore man pages (#2519)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-add.md

Example .dockerignore file:

```
# here are files we want to exclude
*/*.c
**/output*
src
```

`*/*.c`
Excludes files and directories whose names ends with .c in any top level subdirectory. For example, the source file include/rootless.c.

`**/output*`
Excludes files and directories starting with `output` from any directory.

`src`

> Excludes files named src and the directorie src as well as all content in it.

Reviewer: the any/all bit is a suggestion, your call, directorie needs to be changed though
```suggestion
Excludes files named src and the directory src as well as any content in it.
```

Lines starting with ! (exclamation mark) can be used to make exceptions to
exclusions. The following is an example .dockerignore file that uses this
mechanism:
```
*.doc
!Help.doc
```

Exclude all doc files except Help.doc from the image.

> This functionality is compatible with the handling of .dockerignore files described here:

Reviewer: :+1:
